fix: link to react documentation (#43704)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-development-libraries/react/use-proptypes-to-define-the-props-you-expect.md

MyComponent.propTypes = { handleClick: PropTypes.func.isRequired }
```

> In the example above, the `PropTypes.func` part checks that `handleClick` is a function. Adding `isRequired` tells React that `handleClick` is a required property for that component. You will see a warning if that prop isn't provided. Also notice that `func` represents `function`. Among the seven JavaScript primitive types, `function` and `boolean` (written as `bool`) are the only two that use unusual spelling. In addition to the primitive types, there are other types available. For example, you can check that a prop is a React element. Please refer to the [documentation](https://github.com/facebook/prop-types#usage) for all of the options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the `PropTypes.func` part checks that `handleClick` is a function. Adding `isRequired` tells React that `handleClick` is a required property for that component. You will see a warning if that prop isn't provided. Also notice that `func` represents `function`. Among the seven JavaScript primitive types, `function` and `boolean` (written as `bool`) are the only two that use unusual spelling. In addition to the primitive types, there are other types available. For example, you can check that a prop is a React element. Please refer to the [documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.html#proptypes) for all of the options.
```

Seems like this would be a better spot to link?

Author: Agreed, I didn't see it firs time around
